O B S T A C L E S ...For those who don’t know, this journey began in 2011. I dropped out of Uni, quit my job & disappeared. I was in a dark place & randomly stumbled on Tumblr, where I launched #KushandWizdom & began creating inspiring typographic quotes, sourced from Hip Hop songs. On my second day of blogging, I woke up to 25k followers. I continued sourcing more positive lyrics, in attempts to encourage myself and anyone else who was in the same place. To date, 4m follow me on Tumblr. In 2013, I met my business partner & together we founded TheGood. Three years later, we have a community of over 25M people. . . .
 To keep the story short, this journey hasn’t been easy. To the majority, we are simply an Instagram page, to those who know us & to ourselves; we’re on the mission to achieve something that has never been done before. We have experienced so many L’s but those L’s became vital lessons we needed to learn. It feels like the universe was preparing us for the next level and you can’t move forward without strength and endurance. If you only knew how badly 2016 started. I couldn’t even afford to eat lmao. I remember being stuck back home in Trinidad 🇹🇹 and not even being able to afford a roti lol. But I’ve learned, that only when you’re in a dark place can you create your light and escape. It strengthens you and teaches you new ways to survive. We’ve collaborated with a distribution company who will manage our store, so no more delays or bad service, which we apologise sincerely for, and please send us an email if you have any queries. We’re creating organic content & working with new creatives & curators worldwide. Our website is almost complete. We’re now moving forward & seeking further opportunities to get us closer to our mission. We are surrounded by good people who never left or doubted us & who are rooting for this to happen. I want whoever is reading this to know, that we will provide a space online where people can find constant encouragement & peace.
